sperm cells are very small that they are
very specialized to the sperm cells of
different species of animal are all
about the same size those animals which
give birth to live offspring are called
live bear or Clippers those animals
which lay eggs or egg length all the
difference in regards me below is a
table of the vertebrates which shows
which groups of different risk and
little the power of addressing before
remember the magic words please thank
you and step off bitch I hope she sings
this tonight how can I love her you need
gum oh honey here's some money what do
we got here
I'm hurt daddy look at the cute dog
Oh this shows a fractured fibula giving
mom Saturday so I could be able to go on
tomorrow
daddy's gonna be so excited that killed
him
paging dr. Palmer
dr. Barbara Palmer dial four five two
Ameriquest mortgage proud sponsor of the
NFL
okay Oh
keep it real that's right keep it real